hello friends my name is brinsa
wards syana
and welcome to my channel today
I will make a necklace in the technique of imitation
turquoise
for work we need three colors
polymer clay
to get a turquoise color mix
part of blue plastic with 1 3 green i
I use a translucent green film
504 can be replaced by the usual
I mix clay well in green
getting a uniform color
the resulting turquoise layer in half and
I paste each half thinly
rolled out sulfur or black polymer
clay
using the knitting needles I make the notches and put in
they have thin stripes of turquoise color
the second part is cut in half and side
without drawing I attach to the first
I pull the sausage I divide it into three parts
and collected fuiste
from the remnants of his apple skiers balls
I pinch the ball in sections
surface shape to shoe size
cabochon should fit the size
future suspension
small specks of fingerprints can
clean with a damp cloth
by pattern on black polymer clay
cut the oval
this will be one of the pendants of their pins I
I do different sizes in pairs except
the largest ones will hang
in the middle
I bend pin nippers tidy up my hat and in
captivity his workpiece for reliability
on top of the glue little piece
Klimov cabochon insert in the center
blanks
using an extruder make thin
sausages using nozzles of different
thickness
I twist the sausages in the rope
I cut off the protruding edges of the workpiece with a knife
using a silver brush
trofimov tinted each suspension
same
am sending pendants firing at 10
minutes at a temperature of one hundred and thirty
degrees
waiting for the cooling down
cabochons pass with two layers of varnish
to give more shine to the product
when the cabochon dries get down to
the assembly nippers bite off the excess part
pin making them smooth i flood every
pin in the eyelet
I fasten loops with rings of 4
millimeter
let her continue her korea
the right size and here is a decoration
it worked out for me
if you like the lesson put your finger
up subscribe to my channel and
sculpt with me and was with you
abrasive tatyana see you later
until